# websiteFinal.github.io

//Read the following information thoroughly as it explains the development process of the website, the most notable issues which I faced during development and my thoughts on the final product.

//INDEX.html SUMMARRY + CONCLUSION
This page was relatively easy to build as it consisted mostly of h1 tags and descriptors. Excluding a couple of href links with some dynamic properties, two pictures and a background image it did not require anywhere near as much work as some of the other pages. The main problem I found while developing this page was the fact that I did not know how to properly use Flexbox properties nor structure divs competently when I started developing it, thus I had to redo it several times until I finally caught the hang of the box properties. All text and boxes within this page, (..excluding the footer, which is always present in the page regardless of its contents) was positioned with reference to a column div positioned on the left side of the webpage. I also inconsistently used 'px' and '%' as measurement properties during development. Beyond initial struggles to understand flexbox, I found no genuine problems developing this webpage in particular. Were I to do it again, I would want to use the '%' property the entire time so as to make this webpage in particular compatible with all types of devices regardless of the screen size. Overall, I'm satisfied with its final appearance (although it can be thoroughly improved) and think it fits the role of main page substantially.

//aboutme.html SUMMARRY + CONCLUSION
The webpage which I think I spent the least time doing as I was capable of recycling a lot of CSS code consistently for the three main 'textboxes' and for the images which I presented. The main problem I found while developing this website initially was structuring all images and textboxes to align with the center of the screen since for other webpages I had been somewhat inconsistently using left-padding:N; or margin-left:N; and 'eyeballing' the dimensions of the website. However I was able to overcome this issue by using the same class of div for images and textboxes and overall I would say I am pretty pleased with the final appearance of the page. The webpage has a total of four links to other websites, two of which are my personal social media, and then one download link for a dummy CV file. It incorporates two images of .png format using the src attribute and also has a series of :hover and :onclick properties. I think that, aesthetically, it might also be the most pleasing webpage since I did not recycle the code used for other webpages, so it might be the most unique page on the website. I am very happy with the proportion of effort-to-output ratio I ended up doing for this file.

//contactme.html SUMMARRY + CONCLUSION
The main issue I had with this webpage was the fact that I had no prior experience using the <form> attributes and somewhat struggled to think of ways to incorporate all of them onto my webpage. You wouldn't normally use the type=password or type=radio form attributes on a regular contact page. Sizing was also an issue as the divs used were somewhat decentralized and the submit button and textbox for input kept overlapping each other. This page might have been the one I spent most time working on due to technical issues. However, I was able to provide a final product which I think covers the needs of the webpage substantially and also used various attributes to make it more diverse. Possible room for improval might include the :hover property for the email and telephone links as a person on mobile devices may struggle to realise that they are camouflaged href links and not simple lines of text. Other than that, I think I have covered all possible needs for the demands given.

//Mydegree.html + fundamentals.html 
I enjoyed making both of these pages as, compared to some of the others, they required much less innovation or critical thinking. I only needed to create a series of divs for textboxes and images describing the trajectory of my career path and my personal thoughts on the classes I am currently taking. I had no issues in their creation and thus have no comments regarding them. Room for improvement might include more dynamic features or links to videos related to the subjects or more content. The background images used are also somewhat excessively pixelated and I think could be replaced with more pleasing images.

//Network.html
This was the last webpage I created as most of my classmates did not finish their websites until the deadline day of the assignment, and thus I had to wait until they were finished to be able to upload my href links. However it was also a website that did not require much innovation as the purpose of linking to other webpages was one that I had consistently covrered in other .html files. Possible room for improvement could include making more dynamic features, such as sliding menus or a possible searchbar should I add more users to the list of 'associates.' I think that despite my best efforts to make the webpage more aesthetically pleasing, it is physically not the best-looking webpage either and could still be greatly improved.I think many more properties could have been added (ie; using images or icons for href links as opposed to plain or edited/highlighted text) to make the webpage more appealing to a user encountering it for the first time. Nonetheless, I am satisfied with the final product, as I believe it serves it role adequately for the demands of the assignment. 

//Styles.css
This is the only file which I think I could have approached in a drastically different manner. I feel as though I was somewhat unorthodox in my approach in creating divs, (most likely out of inexperience or plain lack of knowledge at first), as instead of creating a few, very-reusable types of divs, I ended up creating a very large quantity of divs which I would only end up using one or two times per page at most and then not reference again. This has caused my CSS file to be extremely large when compared to the other files and somewhat hard to navigate if you do not know what properties you are looking for. Out of the entire project, I think this is the file which can be improved the most. That being said, I feel as though it has still served its purpose adequately, and while it might not be the most efficient type of styling, it runs and functions as expected. I remain satisfied in how it has been developed and in how I have implemented it into my first git website.

Conclusion:
I am content with my final product. I believe it satisfies most if not all of the criteria which have been provided for the assignment and adequately carries out its functions as designed. All webpages which I have been asked to create, (index/main, degree, network, contact, about, fundamentals/degree2) are present within the webpage and offer substantial quantities of information relating to the subject at hand. Were I to continue development, I believe the next step in improvement would be to try and make the website compatible with mobile devices as certain webpages seem to struggle with cross-device compatibility, and certain properties. (Ie; :hover, :oncommand) are partially if not fully excluded from being used by clients on mobile devices. 
